Add output for analyze action output path (#1805)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

- Improve the handling of fatal errors from the CodeQL CLI. [#1795](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/1795)

> - Add output for analyze action output path. [#1799](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/1799)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `sarif-output` output to the analyze action that contains the path to the directory of the generated SARIF. [#1799](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/1799)
```
